SPS it's a long wait for one meal men
women and children scrumble to get their
bowls filled with whatever is being
served some are lucky others go
hungry chatty kitchens like these are
struggling to feed a growing number of
displaced Palestinians in Rafa the city
is cramped with more than half of gaza's
population of nearly 2 and a half
million people
we came to Rafa from Gaza City and here
we line up for food from 12:00 p.m. and
sometimes we get it after 2
hours children have to fend for
themselves the United Nations Children's
agency says an estimated 177,000 miners
are unaccompanied or separated from
their
families I stand here for food every day
because we don't have any at
home this displaced mother was diagnosed
with cancer at the time of her child's
birth just before the war
started she and her children have had to
survive on one meal a day for weeks now
but today is a good day they're having
their first big meal in weeks it
includes rice beans and
soup since I gave birth we didn't have
any meat at all or chicken nothing
some generous people gave us rice and
beans today I don't know who they are
but we are
grateful some families are having to eat
animal F to
survive a trickling into Gaza from two
border crossings is only a fraction of
what's
needed Israel is accused of using
starvation as a weapon of War by
blocking civilian access to food and
water the the risk of famine is high and
increasing each day with persistent
hostilities and restricted humanitarian
access Palestinians in Gaza are
experiencing Mass
starvation and those who escaped Israeli
bombings fear they will die of hunger
umsum Sharif Al
jazer K mm in Rafa
in make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer